<p style="font-size: small"><strong>Last updated:</strong> 2004-03-26 (see <a
href="#changes">changelog</a>)</p>

<h3>Contents</h3>

<p>Use the links to skip to the section of your choice (or scroll as desired).</p>

<ul>
  <li><a href="#keepclose">Keep Text as Close to Original as Possible!</a></li>
  <li><a href="#copyrighted">Copyrighted Materials</a></li>
  <li><a href="#crossedout">Crossed-Out Words</a></li>
  <li><a href="#dashes">Dashes</a></li>
  <li><a href="#dialogue">Dialogue</a></li>
  <li><a href="#forms">Forms</a> <strong>New!</strong></li>
  <li><a href="#grayscale">Grayscale Images</a></li>
  <li><a href="#nonstandard">Non-Standard Formatting</a></li>
  <li><a href="#underline">Underlined Text</a></li>
  <li><a href="#anything">Anything Else</a></li>
</ul>

<h3 id="keepclose"><a name="keepclose"></a>Keep Text as Close to Original as
Possible!</h3>

<p>We've had some mention of people changing things like "* * *" to "..." &ndash;
<strong>Please do not make such substitutions!</strong>  Please keep all text as
close to the original as possible.

<h3 id="copyrighted"><a name="copyrighted"></a>Copyrighted Materials</h3>

<p>Some of the content in the Warren Report and its supporting evidentiary and
testimonial volumes is still under copyright. As a result, we are not allowed to
include this copyrighted material in Project Gutenberg. Most (if not all) of this
material has been identified, and place-holders have been included in the page
images to indicate where these copyrighted materials occur.</p>

<p>If you come across any materials (e.g., photographs, movie stills, etc.) that you
think may need to be removed, please post a comment in the project thread.</p>

<h3 id="crossedout"><a name="crossedout"></a>Crossed-Out Words</h3>

<p>In some places, words have been crossed out, removed, or redacted in some other
way.  Please mark these in one of the following two ways:</p>

<ul>
  <li>If the word is readable, please print the word and put a note after it like,
[**word crossed out]</li>
  <li>If it is not readable, please just put a [**note] where it occurs.</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="dashes"><a name="dashes"></a>Dashes</h3>

<p>Recently the Proofing Guidelines changed so that all dashes are now represented
by two hyphens (--).  <b>However,</b> in the testimony, it is very clear that some
dashes are longer than others.  For longer dashes, please use four hyphens
(----).</p>

<p>Note that hyphens should still have only one hyphen (-).</p>

<h3 id="dialogue"><a name="dialogue"></a>Dialogue</h3>

<p>The testimonial volumes are primarily dialogue. Please mark the speaker's names
as bold (i.e., with &lt;b&gt; and &lt;/b&gt; tags), like so:</p>

<pre>&lt;b&gt;Mr. RANKIN.&lt;/b&gt; Mrs. Oswald, did you write in Russian a story of
your experiences in the United States?

&lt;b&gt;Mrs. OSWALD.&lt;/b&gt; Yes, I have. I think that you are familiar with
it.</pre>

<p>(<strong>Note:</strong> Please include the period inside the bold tags.)</p>

<h3 id="forms"><a name="forms"></a>Forms</h3>

<p>The Commission Exhibits contain quite a few forms. The important thing when
transcribing these forms is to get the information out of them; layout is not that
important (except in some cases where the form might contain tabular data).</p>

<p>There is an example in the Warren Commission UberProject thread on how forms can
be transcribed: <a href="http://www.pgdp.net/phpBB2/viewtopic.php?p=62370#62370"
target="forum">http://www.pgdp.net/phpBB2/viewtopic.php?p=62370#62370</a></p>

<h3 id="grayscale"><a name="grayscale"></a>Grayscale Images</h3>

<p>Each text file in the Evidence volumes (XVI-XXVI) has a URL a grayscale image for
that page.  These URLs are there for your reference, to help you identify portions
that may not be clear in the black &amp; white version of the page.</p>

<p>The grayscale images are hosted by <a
href="http://www.pluckerbooks.com/">Pluckerbooks.com</a>.  Pluckerbooks runs off
d.maddock1's cablemodem connection, so please be nice.  Also, because d.maddock1's
ISP blocks port 80 (the standard HTTP port), the site runs off port 81, which means
you may have trouble accessing the images from behind a firewall and/or proxy.</p>

<h3 id="nonstandard"><a name="nonstandard"></a>Non-Standard Formatting</h3>

<p>Many of the exhibits (which are given in the later volumes) are things like forms
and charts which will be very hard to format using only ASCII text.  We just ask
that you do your best.  Don't worry about trying to make sure all the lines are
exact &ndash; it's the text and meaning of the documents that are important.</p>

<h3 id="underline"><a name="underline"></a>Underlined Text</h3>

<p>Some of the Commission Exhibits contain documents that have underlined text.  The
Proofing Guidelines say to mark underlined text similarly to italicized text;
<strong>however,</strong> we would like for this project to have underlined text
marked with &lt;u&lt; and &lt;/u&lt; tags.  For example:

<pre>  Here is some <u>underlined</u> text.</pre>

<p>Should be marked as:</p>

<pre>  Here is some &lt;u&gt;underlined&lt;/u&gt; text.</pre>

<h3 id="anything"><a name="anything"></a>Anything Else</h3>

<p>Please jump over to the forums if you have any questions about anything else.</p>

<!-- <h3 id="images"><a name="images"></a>Image Captions</h3>

<p>Please put the image caption at the front of the illustration tag, even if the
caption itself is below the image's text.  For example:</p>

<pre>     [Illustration: COMMISSION EXHIBIT NO. 350

     Windshield of Presidential limousine.]</pre>

<h3>Footnotes</h3>

<p>All of the footnotes are kept in a single volume.  Please mark the place where
footnotes are referenced using standard out-of-line footnote markers. For
example:</p>

<pre>     Some note[3].</pre>

<p>The footnote itself should remain at the bottom of the page, like so:</p>

<pre>     [Footnote 3: Text of some note.]</pre>

<h3>Superscripts</h3>

<p>In some places, there are superscripted letters that don't refer to footnotes.
(This may be in the Report only, but we're not entirely sure.)  Please mark these
using TeX-style markup, e.g., ^{A}</p>

<p>Multiple superscripts may be combined into one: ^{A B}</p> -->

<hr />

<h2 id="changes"><a name="changelog"></a>wrrn.txt Changelog</h2>

<p>Below is a history of changes made to this set of notes.</p>

<div class="changegrp">
<h3>2004-03-26</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Added notes on <a href="#forms">Form</a> and link to example</li>
  <li>Removed following sections that applied to the Report only: Image Captions,
Footnotes, Superscripts
  <li>Reorganized sections</li>
  <li>Added linked TOC to sections</li>
  <li>Created changelog</li>
</ul>
</div>
